hello there i'm your host dan Rojas and
I get a lot of questions from science
teachers they want a real simple
experiment that they can show their
students and this one works everywhere
from little kids all the way up to
college professor type teaching stuff so
all you need is a 500 milliliter Pyrex
container like this one and you fill it
with really clear water you probably
have tons of these all around your lab
and what you do is you ask your students
if they can start a fire with this now
it's a lot easier than you think and
most of them will probably try to come
up with a whole bunch of different
things and the rules are you can only
use this you can't make hydrogen out of
it you can't do anything you just just
use this now I'm going to show you how
to do it all you do is you take this got
to make sure you're out in the Sun of
course
it's that easy that's all you have to do
so you put a nice little burn mark on
the stick I'm going to show you a
close-up of it
there you have a really simple test you
can do and see how smart your students
are thank you for watching and enjoy our
videos